vm: note on kvm dynamic scaling (#283)
apache/cloudstack-documentation: source/adminguide/virtual_machines.rst

   issue with these operating systems, which will freeze if an attempt
   is made to dynamically scale from less than 3 GB to more than 3 GB.

> -  On KVM, not all versions of Qemu/KVM may support dynamic scaling and may result CPU or memory related failure during instance deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  On KVM, not all versions of Qemu/KVM may support dynamic scaling. Some combinations may result CPU or memory related failures during instance deployment.
```
